Add primitive shapes (#3)
Jondolf/bevy-website: content/news/2024-02-03-bevy-0.13/index.md

[Primitive RFC]: https://github.com/bevyengine/rfcs/blob/main/rfcs/12-primitive-shapes.md
[collection of primitives]: https://dev-docs.bevyengine.org/bevy/math/primitives/index.html

### Rendering

Now we're taking a closer look at how to visualize the primitives both in 2D
and in 3D spaces. In this section, we delve into the rendering process with
meshes and gizmos. You can check out at all supported rendering capabilities
that are available by taking a look at the following linked example.

![On the left: A cuboid rendered with gizmos. It consists of 12 white lines. On the right: A cuboid rendered with meshes. It consists of 6 white faces.](cuboids.png)

> ![On the left: A torus rendered with gizmos. It consists of many small rings, all connected by 4 big rings. On the right: A torus rendered with meshes. A shape that looks like a donut.](tori.png)

Reviewer: These screenshots have this slight black border. It doesn't look good on the website because there the corners are rounded.

![kuva](https://github.com/Jondolf/bevy-website/assets/57632562/19d170a0-fd8a-4b0d-95d2-ae20fd71dc6f)

Author: Fixed and also resized the images to have the same dimensions

> Now we're taking a closer look at how to visualize the primitives both in 2D
> and in 3D spaces. In this section, we delve into the rendering process with
> meshes and gizmos. You can check out at all supported rendering capabilities
> that are available by taking a look at the following linked example.
> 
> ![On the left: A cuboid rendered with gizmos. It consists of 12 white lines. On the right: A cuboid rendered with meshes. It consists of 6 white faces.](cuboids.png)
> 
> ![On the left: A torus rendered with gizmos. It consists of many small rings, all connected by 4 big rings. On the right: A torus rendered with meshes. A shape that looks like a donut.](tori.png)
> 
> [Link to the primitive showcase example](https://bevyengine.org/examples/Math/Math%20Primitives)

Reviewer: Imo there's a bit too much metatext here. It could be a bit more direct, and also embed the example link and name directly into the paragraph. The link is also wrong I think (examples on the website use the file name kebab-cased)

Something like this?
```suggestion
Primitive shapes can be rendered using both meshes and gizmos. In this section, we'll take a closer look the new APIs.

Below, you can see a cuboid and a torus rendered using meshes and gizmos. You can check out at all primitives that can be rendered in the new [Rendering Primitives] example.

![On the left: A cuboid rendered with gizmos. It consists of 12 white lines. On the right: A cuboid rendered with meshes. It consists of 6 white faces.](cuboids.png)

![On the left: A torus rendered with gizmos. It consists of many small rings, all connected by 4 big rings. On the right: A torus rendered with meshes. A shape that looks like a donut.](tori.png)

[Rendering Primitives]: https://bevyengine.org/examples/Math/render-primitives
```

[`2d_shapes`]: https://bevyengine.org/examples/2D%20Rendering/2d-shapes/
[`3d_shapes`]: https://bevyengine.org/examples/3D%20Rendering/3d-shapes/

#### Gizmos

<div class="release-feature-authors">authors: @RobWalt</div>

> All of the primitives mentioned above can also be rendered with `Gizmos`. For
> this we designed a generic API which should feel very familiar if you have used
> `Gizmos` before. There are two new methods now:

Reviewer: - What is "primitives mentioned above"? It's probably referencing the table, but the section above this is now the "Meshing" section.
- Who is "we"?
- Linking to `Gizmos` could be nice.

A much shorter and more direct version could be something like this:

```suggestion
Primitives can also be rendered with [`Gizmos`]. There are two new generic methods:
```

> * [`gizmos.primitive_2d(primitive, position, angle, color)`]
> * [`gizmos.primitive_3d(primitive, position, rotation, color)`]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`gizmos.primitive_2d(primitive, position, angle, color)`][`primitive_2d`]
* [`gizmos.primitive_3d(primitive, position, rotation, color)`][`primitive_3d`]
```

> Based on the primitive there might be some additional configuration options
> similar to existing `Gizmos` drawing methods, e.g. here is a small showcase of
> the [`SphereBuilder`], which offers a `segments` method to control the level of
> detail of the sphere.

Reviewer: - Imo we should avoid abbreviations like "e.g." in texts like this.
- It's unclear where `SphereBuilder` comes from since it's not visible in code.

A more direct and hopefully clearer version:

```suggestion
Some primitives can have additional configuration options similar to existing [`Gizmos`] drawing methods.
For example, calling [`primitive_3d`] with a [`Sphere`] returns a [`SphereBuilder`], which offers a `segments` method
to control the level of detail of the sphere.
```

```rust
let sphere = Sphere { radius };
gizmos
    .primitive_3d(sphere, center, rotation, color)
    .segments(segments);
```

> [`gizmos.primitive_2d(primitive, position, angle, color)`]: https://dev-docs.bevyengine.org/bevy/gizmos/prelude/trait.GizmoPrimitive2d.html#
> [`gizmos.primitive_3d(primitive, position, rotation, color)`]: https://dev-docs.bevyengine.org/bevy/gizmos/prelude/trait.GizmoPrimitive2d.html#
> [`SphereBuilder`]: https://dev-docs.bevyengine.org/bevy/gizmos/primitives/dim3/struct.SphereBuilder.html

Reviewer: The links I used in my suggestions:
```suggestion
[`Gizmos`]: https://dev-docs.bevyengine.org/bevy/gizmos/prelude/struct.Gizmos.html
[`primitive_2d`]: https://dev-docs.bevyengine.org/bevy/gizmos/prelude/trait.GizmoPrimitive2d.html
[`primitive_3d`]: https://dev-docs.bevyengine.org/bevy/gizmos/prelude/trait.GizmoPrimitive2d.html
[`Sphere`]: https://dev-docs.bevyengine.org/bevy/prelude/struct.Sphere.html
[`SphereBuilder`]: https://dev-docs.bevyengine.org/bevy/gizmos/primitives/dim3/struct.SphereBuilder.html
```
